---
title: About
layout: page
permalink: /about/index.html
---
![Profile Image]({{ site.url }}/{{ site.picture }})

<p>From a young age, I knew that I loved two things: writing and working with
technology. At Wesleyan University, I pursued my interest in writing on
multiple fronts: editing the campus newspaper, founding a long-form journalism
magazine, and writing short stories. After graduating, I spent all my spare
time going through online programming tutorials and realized that I wanted to
start a career as a Software Engineer. In order to do so, I attended the Web
Development Immersive course at the Flatiron School, a bootcamp-style education
that prepared me very well to become a working programmer.</p>

<p>
At my first job as a Rails Developer at Continuity, I discovered the immense
value of test-driven development and pair programming and began developing my
instincts for good object design and pragmatic architecture choices. I will
carry with me for the rest of my career the lessons I learned from my senior
engineer mentors: the art of writing clear commit messages, the discipline of
crafting focused service objects, the feel for when code should be DRY and when
it should repeat itself. I also learned from Continuity how to cultivate an
incredible engineering team, and employ these lessons every day at my current
job as I try to improve the culture and process of every team I work with.
</p>

<p>
At SeeClickFix, I have been thrilled to work on several parts of our technology
stack, including Ember, Rails, and iOS. I am currently on SeeClickFix's iOS
team, writing our new iOS app from scratch in Swift. It has been an exciting
challenge to build features from the ground-up, re-defining how users should
flow through our app and instituting new development patterns that I hope will
serve the project for years to come. Working with Swift, a compiled language
with strong types, has made me more adept at error handling and crafting strong
object interfaces. I have also appreciated the opportunity as a mobile
developer to dedicate my energy toward crafting amazing user experiences, since
it has reminded me of the importance of never losing sight of the users of our
products.
</p>

<p>When I'm not programming or hanging out with my fiancee and my adorable
black cat, I spend my time designing board games. It has been exciting
discovering the many parallels between that process and the day-to-day
activities of a software engineer. I also love integrating technology into my board
game projectsâ€”I am currently writing a React Native companion
app for my choose-your-own-adventure board game, as well as a Rails CRM to
input the game's stories.</p>

<h2>Primary Skills</h2>

<ul class="skill-list">
	<li>Ruby</li>
	<li>Ruby on Rails</li>
  <li>iOS</li>
  <li>Swift</li>
	<li>Ember</li>
	<li>React Native</li>
	<li>Git</li>
	<li>CSS & Sass</li>
	<li>HTML</li>
</ul>
